.Net: [Feature Branch] Vector Store Logging (#10865)
microsoft/semantic-kernel: dotnet/src/Connectors/VectorData/PACKAGE.md

## About

Contains utilities for accessing Vector Databases and Vector Indexes.

## Key Features

> - Telemetry for Vector Database implementations which are provided in other packages including `Microsoft.SemanticKernel.Connectors.AzureAISearch`.

Reviewer: I realise this is just matching what I wrote before, but reading it again, I feel like it's not that clear, ha ha.
Do you mind updating the Abstractions package similarly too?

```suggestion
- Telemetry for any Vector Database implementation.  Vector Database implementations are provided separately in other packages, for example `Microsoft.SemanticKernel.Connectors.AzureAISearch`.
```
